GMQCC is quite feature complete.  But that doesn't address the fact that
it can be improved.  This is a list of things that we'd like to support
in the distant future.  When the time comes, we can just select a topic
from here and open a ticket for it on the issue tracker.  But for the
meantime, this is sort of a cultivating flat file database.

Optimizations:
    The following are optimizations that can be implemented after the
    transformation into static-single assignment (SSA).

        Global Value Numbering:
            Eliminate redundancy by constructing a value graph of the source
            then determining which values are computed by equivalent expressions.
            Similar to Common Subexpression Elimination (CSE), however expressions
            are determined via underlying equivalence, opposed to lexically identical
            expressions (CSE).

        Spare Conditional Constant Propagation:
            Simultaneously remove dead code and propagates constants. This is
            not the same as individual dead code elimination and constant propagation
            passes.  This is multipass.

    The following are optimizations that can be implemented before the
    transformation into a binary (code generator).

        Code factoring:
            The process of finding sequences of code that are identical,
            or can be parameterized or reordered to be identical.
            Which can be replaced with calls to a shared subroutine. To
            reduce duplicated code. (Size optimization)

Language Features:
    The following are language features that we'd like to see implemented in the
    future.

    AST Macros:
        Macros with sanity.  Not textual substiution.

    Classes:
        Like C++, but minus the stupidity:
            - No type operator overloads
            - Keep operator overloading for basic operators though.
            - No inheritance
            - No virtuals / pure virtuals
            - Essentially "C structs but with operators" :)

    Arrays:
        They're currently implemented, but support in the engine
        plus implicit bounds checks (and ability to turn the bounds
        checking off)

    Exceptions:
        I feel like all languages suck at implementing this.  This would
        require support from the engine, but it would help catch bugs. We
        could make it fast using a neat method of "frame pointers".

    Overloaded Functions:
        Ability to make individual functions with the same name, but take
        different amount of arguments or type of arguments.

    Default Argument Substiution:
        Ability to specify default values for arguments in functions.
        void foo(string bar, string baz="default");
        Supplying just one argument will expand the second argument to
        become "default", otherwise if two arguments are specified then
        the "default" string is overrode with what ever the user passes.

    Character Type:
        A char type would be nice to have.  Essentially implemented as a
        string, we can both "get" and "set" indices inside strings with
        the help of builtin functions.

        {
            string foo = "test";
            foo[0] = 'r';

            print("it's time to ", foo);
        }

    Array Accessor With C-Semantics:
        Also the ability to use them as array accessors:

        {
            float hugearray['Z'];

            hugearray['a'] = 100.0f;
        }

        Keep existing "pointer-like" semantics as well.  In C arrays
        simple work as pointers, a[1] -> *(a+1), or 1[a] -> *(1+a)
        so we should allow both forms of syntax.  As well as operand
        reversal.

        {
            float h['Z'];
            *(h+'a') = 100;
            *('a'+h) = 'a'[h];
        }

    FTEQCC Inline Assembly:
        This is still up for debate, mainly because a) it's syntax is
        just utter crap. b) If we do an assembler, it should be nice.
        we could provide a -std=fteqcc for the assembler itself :P
        just like the compiler; although I think that's just insane.

        Please see Assembler below.

    Namespaces:
        There is already a ticket open on this. They'd work just like C++
        identically even.

Standalone QCVM:
    The following are QCVM additions:

        Proper ASM disassembly:
            Proper disassembly of compiled .dat files. Annotated if possible
            when -g (is used during compilation)

        Debugging:
            A step-through debugger -d (with separate compilation as well)
            Called -> qcdb  Optionally alias to qcvm -d :)

            We should be able to see the assembly and source it matches to
            and the state of OFS_* and calls.

Testsuite:
    The following are things we'd like to see added to the testsuite
    in the distant future:

    Multithreading:
        Chances are when we start adding more and more tests, executing
        them individually will be midly slow (even if that's a whole minute)
        It would be nice to add a -j paramater to allow multiple threads to
        be used and so we can execute many tests in parallel.

    Interface:
        Ability to select individual tests, or set parameters manually
        opposed to using the static task-template files. (A method to
        override them rather).


Assembler:
    Possibly support for a future assembler for QCASM.  But we're not
    entirely sure if it makes sense.
